# Attributions for sample excerpts:
#   original - in the public domain, no attribution
#   UN - UN, OHCHR, or affiliate, attribute to UN
#   other - not a UN translation
#   none - not on ohchr, not a UN translation
ab-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
ace-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ada-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ady-Cyrl_udhr.txt: other
af-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
aii-Syrc_udhr.txt: other
ak-Latn-asante_udhr.txt: other
ak-Latn-fante_udhr.txt: UN
ak-Latn_udhr.txt: other
alt-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
am-Ethi_udhr.txt: other
arn-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ast-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ay-Latn_udhr.txt: other
az-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
az-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ban-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
bci-Latn_udhr.txt: other
be-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
bem-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
bg-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
bho-Deva_udhr.txt: UN
bi-Latn_udhr.txt: other
bik-Latn_udhr.txt: other
bin-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
bm-Latn_udhr.txt: other
bn-Beng_udhr.txt: UN
bo-Tibt_udhr.txt: other
br-Latn_udhr.txt: other
bs-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
bs-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
bug-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
bum-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ca-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ceb-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ch-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
chk-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
cjs-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
co-Latn_udhr.txt: other
crs-Latn_udhr.txt: other
cs-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
csw-Cans_udhr.txt: UN
ctd-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
cy-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
da-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
de-Latn-1901_udhr.txt: other
de-Latn-1996_udhr.txt: none
de-Latn_udhr.txt: none
dv-Thaa_udhr.txt: other
dyo-Latn_udhr.txt: other
dyu-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
dz-Tibt_udhr.txt: UN
ee-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
el-Grek-monoton_udhr.txt: UN
el-Grek-polyton_udhr.txt: none
el-Grek_udhr.txt: UN
en-Latn_udhr.txt: original
eo-Latn_udhr.txt: other
es-Latn_udhr.txt: original
et-Latn_udhr.txt: other
eu-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
evn-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
fi-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
fj-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
fo-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
fon-Latn_udhr.txt: other
fr-Latn_udhr.txt: original
fur-Latn_udhr.txt: other
fuv-Latn_udhr.txt: other
fy-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ga-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
gaa-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
gag-Latn_udhr.txt: other
gd-Latn_udhr.txt: other
gl-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
gn-Latn_udhr.txt: other
gu-Gujr_udhr.txt: UN
guc-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ha-Latn-NE_udhr.txt: other
ha-Latn-NG_udhr.txt: other
ha-Latn_udhr.txt: other
haw-Latn_udhr.txt: other
he-Hebr_udhr.txt: UN
hi-Deva_udhr.txt: UN
hil-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
hnj-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
hr-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
hsb-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ht-Latn-kreyol_udhr.txt: UN
ht-Latn-popular_udhr.txt: UN
ht-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
hu-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
hy-Armn_udhr.txt: UN
ia-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ibb-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
id-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ig-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ii-Yiii_udhr.txt: UN
ilo-Latn_udhr.txt: other
is-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
it-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
iu-Cans_udhr.txt: UN
ja-Jpan_udhr.txt: UN
jv-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ka-Geor_udhr.txt: other
kbd-Cyrl_udhr.txt: other
kde-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
kea-Latn_udhr.txt: other
kg-Latn-AO_udhr.txt: other
kg-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
kha-Latn_udhr.txt: other
kjh-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
kk-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
kl-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
km-Khmr_udhr.txt: other
kmb-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
kn-Knda_udhr.txt: other
ko-Kore_udhr.txt: UN
koi-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
kpe-Latn_udhr.txt: other
kri-Latn_udhr.txt: other
krl-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ku-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ky-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
la-Latn_udhr.txt: other
lad-Latn_udhr.txt: other
lb-Latn_udhr.txt: other
lg-Latn_udhr.txt: other
lij-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ln-Latn_udhr.txt: none
lo-Laoo_udhr.txt: UN
loz-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
lt-Latn_udhr.txt: other
lua-Latn_udhr.txt: other
lun-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
lus-Latn_udhr.txt: other
lv-Latn_udhr.txt: other
mad-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
mag-Deva_udhr.txt: UN
mai-Deva_udhr.txt: none
maz-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
men-Latn_udhr.txt: other
mg-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
mh-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
mi-Latn_udhr.txt: other
mic-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
min-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
mk-Cyrl_udhr.txt: other
ml-Mlym_udhr.txt: UN
mn-Cyrl_udhr.txt: other
mos-Latn_udhr.txt: other
mr-Deva_udhr.txt: UN
ms-Arab_udhr.txt: none
ms-Latn_udhr.txt: other
mt-Latn_udhr.txt: other
my-Mymr_udhr.txt: UN
nb-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
nds-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ne-Deva_udhr.txt: UN
ng-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
njo-Latn_udhr.txt: other
nl-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
nn-Latn_udhr.txt: other
nr-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
nso-Latn_udhr.txt: other
nv-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ny-Latn-chechewa_udhr.txt: other
ny-Latn-chinyanj_udhr.txt: UN
ny-Latn_udhr.txt: other
nym-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
nyn-Latn_udhr.txt: other
nzi-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
oc-Latn_udhr.txt: other
oj-Cans_udhr.txt: UN
om-Latn_udhr.txt: other
os-Cyrl_udhr.txt: other
pa-Guru_udhr.txt: UN
pam-Latn_udhr.txt: other
pap-Latn_udhr.txt: other
pau-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
pcd-Latn_udhr.txt: other
pcm-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
pl-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
pon-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ps-Arab_udhr.txt: UN
pt-Latn-BR_udhr.txt: none
pt-Latn-PT_udhr.txt: UN
pt-Latn_udhr.txt: none
qu-Latn_udhr.txt: other
quc-Latn_udhr.txt: other
qug-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
rm-Latn_udhr.txt: other
rn-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ro-Latn_udhr.txt: none
rom-Latn_udhr.txt: none
ru-Cyrl_udhr.txt: original
rw-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
sa-Deva_udhr.txt: UN
sah-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
sc-Latn_udhr.txt: other
sco-Latn_udhr.txt: other
se-Latn_udhr.txt: other
sg-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
si-Sinh_udhr.txt: other
sk-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
skr-Arab_udhr.txt: other
sl-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
sm-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
sn-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
snk-Latn_udhr.txt: other
so-Latn_udhr.txt: other
sq-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
sr-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
sr-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
srr-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ss-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
st-Latn_udhr.txt: other
su-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
suk-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
sus-Latn_udhr.txt: other
sv-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
sw-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
swb-Arab_udhr.txt: other
ta-Taml_udhr.txt: other
taj-Deva_udhr.txt: other
tem-Latn_udhr.txt: other
tet-Latn_udhr.txt: other
tg-Cyrl_udhr.txt: other
ti-Ethi_udhr.txt: other
tiv-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
tk-Cyrl_udhr.txt: other
tk-Latn_udhr.txt: none
tl-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
tly-Latn_udhr.txt: other
tn-Latn_udhr.txt: other
to-Latn_udhr.txt: other
tpi-Latn_udhr.txt: other
tr-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ts-Latn_udhr.txt: other
tt-Cyrl_udhr.txt: other
ty-Latn_udhr.txt: other
tyv-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
tzm-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ug-Arab_udhr.txt: UN
ug-Latn_udhr.txt: none
uk-Cyrl_udhr.txt: other
umb-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ur-Arab_udhr.txt: UN
vai-Vaii_udhr.txt: other
ve-Latn_udhr.txt: other
vec-Latn_udhr.txt: none
vep-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
vi-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
vmw-Latn_udhr.txt: other
wa-Latn_udhr.txt: other
war-Latn_udhr.txt: other
wo-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
xh-Latn_udhr.txt: other
yao-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
yap-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
yi-Hebr_udhr.txt: other
yo-Latn_udhr.txt: other
yua-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
za-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
zgh-Tfng_udhr.txt: other
zh-Hans_udhr.txt: original
zh-Hant_udhr.txt: none
zu-Latn_udhr.txt: other
